He specializes in seducing other men
I don't allow you to say that about him
You actually hit me for him
He really didn't rob you of anyone.
Why won't you let him go?
Come on, Daxing
Van Dassen turned out to be a domestic violence expert
That's interesting.
Now.
Secretary Su, I beg you
I really beg you.
Leave the Fan family
My daughter can't leave the Fan family
She is so beautiful
And she is already engaged to Mr. Fan
I beg you to leave the Fan family, okay?
Just pity us.
No way. I'm not leaving here.
Why is that?
You have no family
Why destroy someone else's family?
Now there are rumors out there
Of course I have to prove my innocence before leaving
Innocent in the future, right?
Okay, let me tell you, I actually took those pictures.